they showed up outside Columbia
University to support the student
protesters detained during the raid on
this campus Tuesday
evening they say students need to be
heard not imprisoned the students are
understandably upset at what's happening
in the world and they have a right and
they have the duty as moral individuals
to
protest police entered Hamilton Hall at
the University campus to remove students
who had barricaded themselves inside
it's the second time police went into
the university in 2 weeks at least 300
people were detained in Colombia and in
the City University of New York but in
spite of the violence students have
returned to the
streets this is what many campuses not
only in New York City but across the
United States look like with a very
strong police presence but the students
that you can see here say that they
won't stop they say they're the Next
Generation in this country they're angry
because of the war on Gaza they're angry
with the United States foreign policy
and its support of Israel and that's why
they want to make their voices heard
that may be fine to other people but
it's not to me New York city mayor Eric
Adam said the students were influenced
by outside agitators but those who broke
into the building did include students
it was led by individuals who are not
affiliated with the university they
needed the school needed the nypd's
assistance to clear Hamilton Hall and
the encampments outside reolution but
this is something the students and the
faculty deny it was students it was
students at this University
undergraduate students graduate students
the outside agitators in this case are
the republicans in Congress are mayor
Adams Senator Chuck Schumer they're The
Outsiders trying to tell our University
how to run its Affairs we don't get it
students are trying not to lose momentum
in New York
City in fordam University students
carried out a sit in on the campus and
again they were forced out and arrested
by the
police but the students don't seem to be
afraid they say they're fighting for a
just cause and will continue demanding
for the war on Gaza to stop the alj New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz